Son.
Where are you now?
♪I know you are♪
you despise your father.
Look at your father.
I even look down on myself.
Masao Tahara.
Your ancestors...
Fool.
Brother
Pour me a cup of tea.
Okay.
No.
Did you find it?
Brother.
We have to find Wu Zhen first.
The demons are heavily guarded here.
Even if you find Wu Zhen,
we can do nothing.
That's different.
As you can see today,
Why did the Japanese
change Luoyang to Fuyang?
It's because they feel guilty and scared.
Twelve.
Let's find the Japanese tomorrow.
Even if we can't help him,
Wu Zhen,
We can't go back empty-handed.
Don't worry.
Leng Zi. Deyou.
Go to the city gate tomorrow
and see the way in and out.
Okay.
Brother.
What can I do for you?
We know Wu Zhen and Shangguan Eagle.
Let's take a walk.
Okay.
We might run into each other.
But
in front of Shangguan Bao,
in front of Shangguan Bao.
Except me,
can only be called Old Leopard.
You all respect me.
Yes.
Are you really willing
will you give it to him willingly?
Shangguan Bao
He should thank the Japanese.
Otherwise,
I'll have to fight him one day.
But in this situation,
even ten Huo Lang
can't stand a Shangguan Bao.
To be honest,
thanks to them
thanks to them.
Just us.
We are just a few brave bandits.
Let me tell you.
I don't care if you go out to eat, drink and gamble.
Old Leopard wants to pick a fight with you.
With me here,
he won't dare to do anything to you.
But there is one thing.
if anyone dares to rely on the Japanese,
I'll kill him first.
What is this?
It’s the real handwriting of Qinghe invitation.
Mr. Zhang.
Although these things are not real money,
but
It's priceless.
I finally got it.
Of course, if you don’t like it,
change it.
Wen Kui, you...
Why are you so generous?
I always thought you were an expert in war.
I didn't expect
you’re so greedy.
Mr. Zhang, the soldiers and guns
have been reported.
It's done.
It's authentic.
Really?
I'll get someone
to send these back with you.
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Send someone to send Mr. Zhang back.
Yes. Yes.
Guards.
Take Mr. Zhang back to rest.
It's disrespectful to reject it.
Brigade Commander.
Look at him.
I really want to shoot him.
That's why we lost the war.
Brigade Commander.
The paintings you gave him are so valuable.
why don't we keep them?
Those calligraphy and paintings are valuable,
but not many people know it.
Money is still useful now.
Leave it.
Brigade Commander.
How is the prevention of the epidemic?
Basically under control.
All the virus have been placed in the pit.
Everyone in the county
You have to be careful, okay?
By the way, there's another big problem.
Go ahead.
I heard that swordsmen came here too.
Is there an epidemic over there?
I almost forgot.
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Follow me to Black Tiger Mountain. Yes.
Let's go.
Lieutenant Colonel.
I'll send you some books tomorrow.
Stay here.
Don't run around.
Someone will cook for you these days.
and the doctor will give you a checkup.
I'll take you back to Shaanxi
I'll take you back to Shaanxi.
I see.
I guess I'm not the only one who's fooled by you.
Actually, I don't want to lie to you.
It's okay.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Study hard.
You can help a lot of people when you grow up.
But here,
I can only read the books the Japanese gave me.
There's no good or bad in books.
The key is those who read.
Have you read a lot?
Not really.
Get some rest. I'm going out to find someone.
Are you coming back?
Of course.
As Mr. Taniwara said,
the new plan is very successful.
But we've wasted too much time
too much time.
Weapons and supplies
are no longer an absolute advantage.
So...
This is not good for us.
We need to speed up the pace
and block all the routes in Yunmenma.
What do you think, Mr. Tanihara?
Colonel is right.
Choi Moon-Kui is busy dealing with the epidemic.
But the Chinese army that withdrew from Fuyang
were all incorporated by him.
In other words,
his power
is not just an independent Brigade.
That doesn't count.
And the 100,000 swordsmen.
A group of bandits with cold weapons.
Is it that hard to deal with?
Their relationship with Choi Moon-Kui
are very subtle.
They don't look that close.
But once something goes wrong,
they will try their best to cooperate.
In Shanzhou,
I made them
to provoke them twice.
But in the end,
was easily dissolved by them.
Let's continue to sow discord between them.
Let them kill each other.
Yes.
That's why I've been doing this.
Colonel, I have another request.
Go ahead.
Please withdraw
in Shaanxi.
Make it look like the Imperial Army won't go west.
That way, I have more chances
to drive a wedge between them.
Hurry up.
Fool.
Where is he?
He said he went out for a walk.
He's still young.
I can't sit still.
But it's good.
Maybe we can kill some Japanese out there. Yes.
Who is it?
It's me.
Translator Pang.
Coming.
You're still up so late.
I'm here to see you.
Come on. What are you taking?
I brought wine and some dishes.
Let's get close.
I didn't expect
Japanese have noodles inside.
I've long heard of it.
The 100,000 swordsmen are very powerful.
I didn't expect to see you here today.
It's an honor.
Bottoms up. Bottoms up.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, put the wine down.
We have something to ask you.
You are also knowledgeable.
Now you work for the Japanese.
We want to know
what's the benefit of working with the Japanese?
We can figure out
if it's worth it.
It depends on your request.
Of course.
It's not for wealth,
not for a few more wives.
Who would do this for the Japanese?
What if it's for survival?
You mean
you can't live
without working with the Japanese?
Deyou.
It's not appropriate to say that.
What do you mean?
Since we're here,
We have to ask him.
The more we ask, the more sincere we are.
Am I right? Yes.
Just tell me what you want.
I'll tell General Teng Gang the truth.
Don't interrupt.
You haven't told us
why you became a lackey.
What's the good of being a lackey?
I almost killed him.
Almost what?
Look at him.
Can you be a lackey?
I almost killed a dog.
There are fewer people in Luoyang, but there are many dogs.
There are plenty of opportunities to kill.
What are you waiting for?
Didn't you see the guest?
Sit down and drink with the guest.
Come on, bro.
Come on.
We haven't agreed yet.
Logically,
the second head of the Xidao
can ask for a lot of money.
No, no, no. We don't offer a price.
It depends on the price the Japanese offer.
It's a good price.
We'll follow them.
If the price is not right,
we will leave.
and be a decent Chinese.
Isn't that good?
But you have to give me a bottom line.
to get something from me.
Listen.
I have a condition. I'll tell the Japanese too.
Why should I tell you?
You're just a messenger.
Can you take the responsibility if I tell you?
That's good. That's easy for me.
I'll take my leave.
Please close the door from outside.
Brother, let me see him off.
What happened?
Don't mention it.
I wanted to see the way in and out.
but there were so many patrol guards.
At this moment,
I suddenly saw a lonely ghost.
It happened to feed my sword.
I didn't expect him to be so stubborn.
Where is he?
He ran away.
If it weren't for the patrol,
he wouldn't have escaped.
No.
You patrol ghost.
Why do I feel that
not very smooth?
You want to kill a ghost?
The ghost's patrol team is here.
The devil ran away.
That means the person you want to kill
is not a demon.
That's right.
Why didn't I figure it out?
How could you go out with that brain of yours?
Stay at home from now on.
Stop drinking.
Wake up.
Let's have some tea in that room.
Put on your clothes.
No, you wear it.
No, I'm not cold.
Put it on.
Hurry up.
Hurry!
So many devils' cars.
Are they going to hit Shanzhou?
No.
They are heading to Luoyang.
These should be removed from Shaanxi.
What do you mean?
I quit.
It doesn't make sense.
We've been here all night.
What should we do?
So many Japanese soldiers suddenly came.
The Japanese must have a new plan.
I have to figure it out.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Where is the infected person?
Follow me.
Right here.
Who arranged this?
Why did you
with the patient?
I was already like this when I came back.
Brigade Commander Cui.
The men ahead are fine.
It's mainly the family of some brothers.
I've isolated them
in other rooms.
Nonsense.
Captain Joo. Yes.
Leave all the patients here.
and had physical contact with them.
to somewhere else.
The rest
to disinfect them one by one.
and then arrange it.
Yes.
Tawahara-san, I did what you said.
Now you have a lot of space.
You can try your plan.
Yes, I'll finish my work as soon as possible
and return to Shaanxi immediately.
The swordsmen of Yuxi.
Can we trust them?
I don't know.
I don't know much about them.
I don't know
if what they said is true or not.
Tawahara-san.
You've been in Yuxi for a long time.
You must be familiar with
the Xixi Knife.
Kind of.
There are 100,000 people in the West Blade.
When I first arrived in Shanzhou,
I had contact with their leader, Shangguan Bao.
Shangguan Bao is stubborn.
It’s hard to win him over.
During this period,
I used a few leaders
to work with the Imperial Army
trying to sow discord between
and the National Party.
But the result is not very good.
Which one do you think Huo Lang
is Huo Lang?
Huo Lang.
Speaking of Huo Lang,
you have to say the whole Xidao.
They are like a new order
another level of new order.
And Huo Lang is a new order.
another independent individual.
No one will know what he is thinking.
or what he will do.
He is in Fuyang right now.
Really?
What do you think
the possibility of this person joining the Imperial Army?
I'm not sure.
I've only heard of him.
but I've never seen him.
I know.
Among the swordsmen,
but they have a sense of respect for Huo Lang.
Anyway,
since he's here,
I must meet him.
He has 30,000 people.
Is this reliable?
Absolutely.
I'm afraid that's not the only number.
Okay, thank you.
Yes.
How is it?
Many of our men are infected.
The situation is not good.
Then block the epidemic area
and isolate them.
Yes.
Brigade Commander Cui.
The people here and the people down the mountain
are different from your soldiers.
I'm worried if you do this.
I'm telling you, I don't care.
Stop!
Brigade Commander ordered no one to enter.
Please figure out
This is Black Tiger Mountain.
not your county.
Move!
Kill them if you dare to step forward.
Let's see who dares to shoot.
Take a step.
Put the gun down.
Listen to me.
We will try our best to save the people inside.
But this disease is very infectious.
Once they contact you,
their illness
will infect you.
So we have to isolate them
so that those who are not infected.
Master Xi.
I understand what you mean.
Before Madam Wu left,
before she left.
But my family
my family,
and my brothers.
Even if I die with them,
I can't just
suffer like this.
They are also my brothers.
Madam Wu went to Luoyang to find medicine for treatment.
When he comes back,
everything will be solved.
Master Xi.
I believe you.
Me too.
our Leader Wu will not leave us alone.
But...
These soldiers...
Get them out of here.
They don't need to care about Black Tiger Mountain.
We came here to control the epidemic.
Cut it out.
We swordsmen have our own ways.
For the sake of Master Xi,
I won't argue with you.
But remember,
I'm not afraid of you.
Look, what are they doing?
They must be receiving vaccines.
If we hit this, we won't get infected.
If we fight, we won't be afraid.
But they withdrew
to get vaccines.
There's nothing to be suspicious of.
You don't know.
The two armies are fighting against each other.
The formation and work
are all prepared in advance.
Even for vaccines,
we can ask the medical staff
to the front line.
There's no need to retreat.
Guys,
No matter the disease
can kill you,
we will
on the Japanese.
On the Japanese.
If we fail,
We can only wait to die here.
For killing the Japanese,
to kill the Japanese devil.
Let me ask you something.
You've been up the mountain for so long.
why did you have a steamed bun?
In just a few days,
they got so close.
Brigade Commander.
Do you really want to know?
Go ahead.
Let's not talk about
in the military system.
are defeated when they see the Japanese.
He only cares about money.
but the country.
Let's talk about you, Brigade Commander Cui.
I admit it.
You're not a coward in fighting demons.
but you are not humane.
I always thought fighting against Japan and saving the country
I fought against Japan and the country.
But since I followed Madam
and Cai,
I knew
the boundary of the country was drawn by people.
Where is the boundary when people are not united?
Where is the country?
Yes.
Jennifer Cai has been wary of you.
But he was just on guard against you.
In front of the enemy,
he was thinking about how to expel the Japanese.
He never thought of taking the opportunity to deal with you.
But what about you, Brigade Commander?
Are you done?
Don't forget the purpose of us going up the mountain.
is the same.
I don't care which unit you belong to,
don't forget who you are.
And I can totally understand
what you said just now.
you're abandoning your party.
I can execute you on the spot.
Is it so important
is so important to you?
To you, dealing with Communist Party
is more important than dealing with Japanese.
Don't forget who you grew up with.
Don't forget who you are.
Let's go.
Let's go meet Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan.
Mr. Huo is interested in her?
No, let's get down to business first.
Talk later.
What are you looking at?
Let's go.
Let's get down to business.
Brother, this girl is pretty.
Madam.
Everything is here.
It seems
it's time.
You mean the Golden Treasure?
Yes.
I found the map.
Not yet.
But where is it?
I'm pretty sure.
You were
the chief guard of General Cai.
and the person I trust the most.
No one else knows
except me.
Thank you for your trust.
Before she died, she told me
this treasure
in this treasure.
What else could it be?
It's an uncovered gold mine.
Gold mine?
Madam.
Why are you telling me this?
I wanted to
this secret.
But then I thought,
he had been fighting at the front line.
I'm afraid he'll die.
And this gold mine
is a crucial point for several forces.
If anything happens to us at the same time,
no one will know about this place.
So,
Don’t worry.
I won’t let you down.
Back then when I was hunted by bandits,
thanks to you,
I'm still alive.
I will protect this secret with my life.
Please.
What should I do?
They follow the rules.
Since it's the rule,
I can't tell them anything.
If you don't like it,
then return it.
Return it to him.
No.
If I do, people will say I'm bullying the young.
You go back.
I'll retreat.
I don't even know who put it here.
If I saw who put it here,
I would have asked him to leave with the box.
I won't let my daughter marry a swordsman.
Let's see what betrothal gifts they gave.
What are you looking at?
I won't marry my daughter to a swordsman.
You want to marry
to marry my daughter.
No betrothal gifts are allowed.
Our daughter
neither marrying bandits nor an official.
This is what we agreed on.
Okay.
Marry a beggar, okay?
She's your daughter.
Watch your mouth.
I hate you.
Who is it?
Major.
Deyou, it's him.
So we know each other today.
Stay calm.
This is Master Huo Lang.
Nice to meet you.
You speak Chinese.
It saves me a lot of trouble.
Have a seat. Okay.
Is your surname Tian or what?
I'm Masao Tahara.
In order to walk,
I'll use the name Jeongwon for now.
I heard from my 12th Brother that
you've been close to my people.
What?
Didn't you come to my valley?
You must be joking.
I really want to go.
But I'm too busy
I can't get out of it.
Look at him.
You're so sweet.
You don't have to save me face.
I don't care about this small place.
By the way, did you invite us here
to negotiate or set the rules?
I didn't expect you to be so straightforward.
Okay, I'll be frank.
There are two things you asked.
Go ahead.
By the way,
let me make it clear first.
I have a problem.
I'm working.
No matter they are happy or not,
I have to be happy first.
If I'm unhappy,
I'll leave.
I'll put it bluntly.
Please forgive me.
Don't worry, Young Master Huo.
Here,
I can guarantee your freedom of action.
Don't say that.
My parents gave me the freedom to act.
You bastard! You don't even let the children go!
I want to chop them into minced meat.
Our priority now
is to find the vaccine.
What about these people?
We'll talk after we find the vaccine.
Oh no, someone's sneaking in.
Let's go.
Mr. Huo,
how did you know about the plague?
You Japanese
in handling things.
Everyone knows it.
In one word,
Give us enough antidote.
I can give you the antidote.
But you have 30,000 of them.
I don't have that much.
So,
during this period,
bind your men.
You'll be fine if you don't go down the mountain.
No.
We have over 30,000 men
to live on air?
Yes.
How about this?
300 antidotes
and 100 vaccines.
If possible,
I'll send it to you tomorrow.
Look.
I thought
I'm the only one who's shameless.
You are better than me.
Enough, Mr. Huo.
That's enough.
It shows the sincerity of the Imperial Army.
Be content.
Easy for you to say.
If you feel itchy one day,
throw some rats here,
How many people will die?
So,
you won't die
you won't die.
Mr. Huo, harmony is the most important.
The most important thing
the most important thing is not to hurt the harmony.
Actor table.
Lee Seung-yup.
and the actors.
Li, Yu Hongda, Tian Guofeng, Gong, Fan, Cheng Kaiyan.
Su Tianhui Yang Wanlin Zhao Dongliang Chen Yile Wang Lusheng
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Sheng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang.
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang Jin, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin. KUN.
Venus Feng Yonghao Wei Long Deng Bao Quan Wang Xiang
Liu Hongguo, Yang Chenglin, Liu Yinlong.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing, Rongqi Liu
Chi, Rui, Zhang Ke'er, Yang Junjie.
Wang Qingyu Feng Qimeng Chen Weipeng Wang Yan Qing.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Cho Jeon-min.
Costume Team.
Costume team.
The dressing team.
Gong Hae Yeong.
Arts Team.
Lei.
Props team.
Cui Guangzang.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
Wang Wenbo.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Rong Xi.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang...
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Yang Shuli Chen Yongsheng Liu Junfeng Liu Fumin
Cut.
Shin Bae-jin.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber.
A dubber?
Music production.
Tang Tiantian.
Theme song, Hero.
Final production: Wang Chenyang.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Valley.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
[Jangok Association, Shanzhou District]
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scenic Area.
The Villager Committee of Lingbao City
Maple Theatre, Mumei City.
The village committee of the old store in Shanzhou District.
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
The People's Government of Sanmen City
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
There are three branches in total.
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong County Commission.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of YongChi County.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
[Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Jiangjiang Dongyang Mai Jiang Culture Co., Ltd.
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
But Nan Film and TV Production Group
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Shangjin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Henan Film and TV Production Group is limited.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
[Qijin Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quan Zhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.